sacred Lake of Annavaram years ago they
say this was the site of a prosperous
village but the inhabitants were mean
once a wandering witch doctor was
refused to drink by every villager
except one old woman in gratitude
the sorcerer warned her to leave the
village immediately taking her children
with her she did and soon afterwards the
whole settlement and its people were
submerged by a great flood the old
woman's descendants still lived close by
and they come to the Lakeside whenever
they need their ancestors help for they
believe that the inhabitants of the
submerged village still live on as
crocodiles on this occasion it was a
woman who had not yet born a child who
had come with the rest of the villagers
to summon her ancestors said that she
may seek their aid within minutes of the
beginning of their chant the crocodiles
appeared far out in the center of the
lake
a cow was sacrificed
each of these crocodiles is known
individually and recognized each has a
name a name which it shares with some of
the children in the village the meat of
the sacrificed cow is cut up into small
pieces
had the ancestors refused to accept the
meat it would have been taken as a sign
that the woman's prayer would be ignored
but now all was well